# Using the REST APIUnder the hood, everything related to communicating with elmah.io happens through our REST API. In this article, we will present the possibilities using the API in a use case driven approach. For a details reference of the various endpoints, visit the [API documentation](https://elmah.io/api/v2).## Messages### Creating messagesBefore doing anything, we will need some messages to play with. The `Create Message` endpoint does just that. To create a simple message, POST a JSON body to `https://elmah.io/api/v2/messages?logid=LOG_ID` (replace `LOG_ID` with your log ID):```json{    "title": "This is a test message"}```The `title` field is the only required field on a message, but fields for specifying severity, timestamp etc. are there. For more information, check out the documentation.If everything where successful, the API returns a HTTP status code of `201` and a location to where to fetch the new message. If the endpoint fails, the response will contain a description of what went wrong. Forgetting to set `Content-Length`, `Content-Type` and similar, will result in an invalid request.### Getting a messageIn the example above, the API returned the URL for getting the newly created message: `https://elmah.io/api/v2/messages?id=81C7C282C9FDAEA3&logid=LOG_ID`. By making a GET request to this URL, we get back the message details:```json{  "id": "99CDEA3D6A631F09",  "title": "This is a test message",  "dateTime": "2016-07-03T14:25:46.087857Z",  "severity": "Information"}```As shown in the returned body, elmah.io automatically inserted some missing fields like a timestamp and a severity. If no severity is specified during creating, a message is threated as information.### Searching messagesFor the demo, we have inserted a couple of additional messages, which leads us to the next endpoint: searching messages. The search endpoint shares the root path with the get message endpoint, but only take a log ID. The simplest possible configuration, queries the API for a list of the 15 most recent messages by calling: `https://elmah.io/api/v2/messages?logid=LOG_ID`. The body looks like this:```json{  "messages": [    {      "id": "81C7C282C9FDAEA3",      "title": "This is another test message",      "dateTime": "2016-07-03T14:31:45.053851Z",      "severity": "Information"    },    {      "id": "99CDEA3D6A631F09",      "title": "This is a test message",      "dateTime": "2016-07-03T14:25:46.087857Z",      "severity": "Information"    },    ...  ],  "total": 42}```For simplicity, the response has been simplified by not showing all of the results. The important thing to notice here, is the list of `messages` and the `total` count. `messages` contain 15 messages, which is the default page size in the search endpoint. To increase the number of returned messages, set the `pagesize` parameter in the URL (max 100 messages per request). The `total` count tells you, if there are more messages matching your search. To select messages from the next page, use the `pageindex` parameter.Returning all messages may be fine, but being able to search by terms is even more fun. To search, use the `query`, `from` and `to` parameters as shown here: `https://elmah.io/api/v2/messages?logid=LOG_ID?query=another`. Searching for `another` will return the following response:```json{  "messages": [    {      "id": "81C7C282C9FDAEA3",      "title": "This is another test message",      "dateTime": "2016-07-03T14:25:46.087857Z",      "severity": "Information"    }  ],  "total": 1}```Now only `81C7C282C9FDAEA3` shows up, since that message contains the text `another` in the `title` field. Like specifying the `query` parameter, you can limit the number of messages using the `from`, `to` and `pagesize` parameters.### Deleting a messageWhen fixing the bug causing an error logged at elmah.io, you may want to delete the error. Deleting a single error is as easy as fetching it. Create a DELETE request to the errors unique URL: `https://elmah.io/api/v2/messages?id=81C7C282C9FDAEA3&logid=LOG_ID`.When successfully deleted, the delete endpoint returns a HTTP status code of `200`.### Deleting messagesDeleting messages one by one can be tedious work. To delete multiple errors, you can utilize the Delete Messages endpoint by creating a DELETE request to: `https://elmah.io/api/v2/messages?logid=LOG_ID`. The request **must** contain a body with at least a query:```json{    "query": "test"}```An option for deleting messages by date range is available as well. Check out the API documentation for details.### Hiding a messageDepending on your use case, you may want to hide a message, rather than deleting it. Hidden messages are not shown as default through neither the UI, nor the REST API. But you will be able to search for them by enabling the `Hidden` checkbox on the UI.To hide a message, use the `_hide` endpoints like this: `https://elmah.io/api/v2/messages/_hide?id=99CDEA3D6A631F09&logid=LOG_ID`.If successful, the endpoint returns a HTTP status code of `200`.